Ipv6 flow label (#2399)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

A client that migrates to a new address SHOULD use a preferred address from the
same address family for the server.

> ## Use of IPv6 Flow-Label and migration {ipv6-flow-label}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use of IPv6 Flow-Label and Migration {#ipv6-flow-label}
```

> Endpoints that send data using IPv6 SHOULD apply an IPv6 flow label

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Endpoints that send data using IPv6 SHOULD set an IPv6 flow label for a QUIC connection
```

Author: It is actually per path, not per connection, and is explained in the next paragraph.
@martinthomson suggested replacing "set" by "apply" in a previous comment.

> Quic nodes that send data using IPv6 SHOULD document the IPv6 flow label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Endpoints that send data using IPv6 SHOULD apply an IPv6 flow label
```

in compliance with {{!RFC6437}}, unless the local API does not allow

> setting this parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
setting IPv6 flow labels.
```

> The IPv6 flow label should be a pseudo-random function of the source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IPv6 flow label SHOULD be a pseudo-random function of the source
```

and destination addresses, source and destination UDP ports, and the destination
CID. The flow label generation MUST be designed to minimize the chances of

> collision with a previously used flow label, as this would enable linkability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
linkability with a previously used flow label, as this would enable correlating activity on multiple paths
```

activity on multiple paths (see {{migration-linkability}}).

> A possible implementation is to compute the flow label as a one way

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
A possible implementation is to compute the flow label as a one-way
```

hash function of the source and destination addresses, source and

> destination UDP ports, destination CID and a local secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
destination UDP ports, destination CID, and a local secret.
```
